add definitions file (#27)
Kuadrant/architecture: definitions.md

# Definition of Common Terms

## Infrastructure

- <a name="hub"/>**Hub**:

>     - **Definition**: A kubernetes cluster that is running OCM, typically connected to one or more [spokes](#spoke).

Reviewer: What about linking out to https://multicluster.sigs.k8s.io/concepts/work-api/, which defines some of these terms, and give OCM as an example implementation that kuadrant uses.

>     - **Definition**: A kubernetes cluster that is running OCM, typically connected to one or more [spokes](#spoke).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Definition**: A kubernetes cluster that is running the OCM control plane components, typically connected to one or more [spokes](#spoke).
```

    - Common alternatives to avoid:
        - Control plane
        - Control cluster
- <a name="spoke"/>**Spoke**:

>     - **Definition**: A Kubernetes cluster connected to a [hub](#hub) where resources can be placed via a manifestwork.

Reviewer 2: not sure I fully agree here a Spoke is referred to as a ManagedCluster even in OCM

```suggestion
    - **Definition**: A Kubernetes cluster connected to and managed by a [hub](#hub) where resources can be placed via a manifestwork.
```

    - Common alternatives to avoid:
        - Workload cluster
        - Cluster
        - Gateway cluster
        - Data plane

>         - Managed cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - ~~Managed cluster~~
```

- <a name="workload"/>**Workload**:

>     - **Definition**: A set of resources deployed to one or more [spokes](#spoke) - typically accessed via a [gateway](#gateway) - and designed to complete a task, e.g. an API or web-page.

Reviewer 3: Does this include HTTPRoutes?

    - Common Alternatives to avoid:
        - Application
        - API
        - deployment
        - backend
- <a name="gateway"/>**Gateway**:
    - **Definition**:
        - On a [spoke](#spoke): A resource designed to facilitate ingress to a [workload](#workload)

>         - On a [hub](#hub): A resource which follows specific mutation and replication rules to be replicated into [spokes](spokes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - On a [hub](#hub): A resource that defines a Gateway to be replicated into [spokes](spokes).
```

> ## Personas

Reviewer: I think we should align with the existing personas at https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/#personas,
and supplement them with the Platform Engineer persona, who's concern lies beyond a single cluster

Author: this is a great suggestion, thanks Dave, I'll do this.

- <a name="gateway-admin"/>**Gateway Admin**
    - **Definition**: A user who is primarily concerned with configuring gateways across one or more [spokes](#spoke)
    - Common alternatives to avoid:
        - Sysadmin
        - Admin
        - SRE
        - cluster-admin
- <a name="cluster-admin" />**Cluster admin**:

>     - **Definition**: A user who is primarily concerned with the configuration of a particular [workload](#workload) connected to a [gateway](#gateway) on a [spoke](#spoke).

Reviewer: > configuration of a particular [workload]

This sounds like the concern of the application developer.
Would the cluster operator persona in gateway api docs align with what you're thinking for cluster admin?

Author: yes, ok. I meant this more as "how a workload is connected to a gateway" and maybe need to add some messaging around "ensuring traffic is flowing to the workload correctly"
